examples/toughreact_samples/P7_eos9_copper/README.md, before:

### below is the result 

      -------- TOUGHREACT Version 2.0 ------- 

    --> reading multiphase flow input data      ->flow.inp
    --> reading solute transport input data     ->solute.inp
    --> reading chemical input data             ->chemical.inp therakin10.dat
    --> read input data complete

    --> performing simulation


  ...done! Toughreact v2.0 simulation finished





### required files
therakin10.dat
chemical.inp
flow.inp 
solute.inp


therakin10.dat             ! thermodynamic database
iter.dat                   ! iteration information    without this, the result may be different
Amic_aqu.dat               ! spatial distribution (tecplot format)
Amic_sod.dat               ! spatial distribution (tecplot format)
Amic_gas.dat               ! spatial distribution (tecplot format)
Amic_tim.dat               ! time evolution at specified blocks


### produced files
GENER 
INCON 
LINEQ 
MESH 
TABLE 
VERS
solute.out    
chemcal.out    -> simulation summary for chemical results
flow.out       -> results from the flow



TO190624 compared this with the original output in TOUGHREACT samples


### result from Amic_sod.element.column_name
'X',
'Y',
'Z',
'T(C)',
'Porosity',
'Poros_Chg',
'Permx(m^2)',
'Kx/Kx0',
'Permz(m^2)',
'Kz/Kz0',
'pyrite', 辉铜矿？

'chalcopyrit',
'magnetite',
'k-feldspar',
'albite',
'anorthite',
'annite',
'muscovite',
'anhydrite',
'goethite',
'chalcocite',
'covellite', 
'kaolinite',
'sio2(am)',
'alunite']     


### useful commands
t2listing.fulltimes  -> the time (persumablly in seconds) of the output has been done
t2listing.times      -> same as t2listing.fulltimes
t2listing.fullsteps  -> the time steps that output has been done
t2listing.time       -> current time
t2listing.element.column_name  -> list of all output title elemental wise # ['PRES', 'S(liq)', 'PCAP', 'K(rel)', 'DIFFUS.']

Commit message:

plot flow and saturation profile

examples/toughreact_samples/P7_eos9_copper/README.md, after:

### below is the result 

      -------- TOUGHREACT Version 2.0 ------- 

    --> reading multiphase flow input data      ->flow.inp
    --> reading solute transport input data     ->solute.inp
    --> reading chemical input data             ->chemical.inp therakin10.dat
    --> read input data complete

    --> performing simulation


  ...done! Toughreact v2.0 simulation finished





### required files
therakin10.dat
chemical.inp
flow.inp   # the x y and z are not 
solute.inp


therakin10.dat             ! thermodynamic database
iter.dat                   ! iteration information    without this, the result may be different
Amic_aqu.dat               ! spatial distribution (tecplot format)
Amic_sod.dat               ! spatial distribution (tecplot format)
Amic_gas.dat               ! spatial distribution (tecplot format)
Amic_tim.dat               ! time evolution at specified blocks


### produced files
GENER 
INCON 
LINEQ 
MESH 
TABLE 
VERS
solute.out    
chemcal.out    -> simulation summary for chemical results
flow.out       -> results from the flow



TO190624 compared this with the original output in TOUGHREACT samples


### result from Amic_sod.element.column_name
'X',
'Y',
'Z',
'T(C)',
'Porosity',
'Poros_Chg',
'Permx(m^2)',
'Kx/Kx0',
'Permz(m^2)',
'Kz/Kz0',
'pyrite', 辉铜矿？

'chalcopyrit',
'magnetite',
'k-feldspar',
'albite',
'anorthite',
'annite',
'muscovite',
'anhydrite',
'goethite',
'chalcocite',
'covellite', 
'kaolinite',
'sio2(am)',
'alunite']     


### useful commands
t2listing.fulltimes  -> the time (persumablly in seconds) of the output has been done
t2listing.times      -> same as t2listing.fulltimes
t2listing.fullsteps  -> the time steps that output has been done
t2listing.time       -> current time
t2listing.element.column_name  -> list of all output title elemental wise # ['PRES', 'S(liq)', 'PCAP', 'K(rel)', 'DIFFUS.']


issues:
1. although https://github.com/acroucher/PyTOUGH/issues/21 we have to make a dummy geo file to plot existing file.
